# Fake-_News_Detection
### Introduction:
Because of the simple accessibility and exponential expansion of information available on social media networks, distinguishing between false and real information has become difficult. The ease with which information may be shared has resulted in an exponential increase in the amount of information that can be falsified. Where the transmission of fraudulent material is rampant, the credibility of social media networks is also jeopardised. As a result, automatically verifying the information's source, substance, and publisher in order to categorise it as false or real has become a research problem. Machine learning has played an important role in data classification, but with significant drawbacks. This study examines a number of machine learning algorithms for detecting bogus and counterfeit news. The limitations of such approaches, as well as improvisational methods for applying machine learning and deep learning, are discussed


Conclusion
We've completed a significant amount of work in terms of data processing and model construction. While vectorizing the text data, we may have experimented with changing the n-grams. The greatest accuracy score we have is 87.04, but don't worry, the model has been trained with over 61,000 records and will perform well. LSTM was the final and highest performing classifier we chose.
The majority of false news is found in the context of world news and politics. In light of the 2020 presidential elections in the United States. There is the potential for fake news to propagate, necessitating the use of these technologies. During this epidemic, fake news is rooted in order to play politics, scare people, and drive them to buy things. The majority of the information comes from Reuters. We don't know if this news organisation is swayed by politics. As a result, we must carefully analyse the source of news in order to determine if it is false or true.
